Updates the Install Minder Server documentation (#3880)
stacklok/minder: docs/docs/run_minder_server/config_webhook.md

---
title: Configuring a Webhook
sidebar_position: 70
---

# Configuring a Webhook

> Minder requires a webhook to be configured on the repository provider. Currently, Minder only supports GitHub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minder allows a webhook to be configured on the repository provider to respond to provider events. Currently, Minder only supports GitHub. 
```

We can't say it's required, as we don't set it in the "configuring a provider" section.
